Let's go over a top-down model that focuses on bookings for salesperson.
The model is divided into four portions here.
We're starting with an assumptions about the dollar amount we need in bookings.
Then we figure out how much time and
effort it will require to get to generate those bookings.
Let's look at this more closely.
We start with our assumption about
how productive this salesperson who we're going to higher will be.
We measure this in terms of the number of opportunities being generated,
and then we look at how much revenue on average will
this person generate per unit and per opportunity.
We use these assumptions to arrive at
the average size of opportunity we can expect the salesperson to generate.
Then we make assumptions about how much time and
effort it will take us to arrive at those bookings.
For this, we project out when we will hire the person.
Then based on our sales historical data,
we come up with the assumption that our new sales member will take
X number of months to get up to speed to start generating those leads and bookings.
Then finally, we use the ramp time and the average size of
opportunity assumptions to project out when we
will see the bookings that we expect this person to generate.
As you can see, we get to the final bookings number for
each sales team member and month by starting with our bookings in the more broad sense,
and then narrowing down to each person and month.